Attempt at defining initialization, and simulation. (#3146)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/dae.tex

\end{example}

The generated set of equations is used for simulation and other analysis activities.

> In this specification simulation means that first that initial values are found for the states $x$, \cref{initialization-initial-equation-and-initial-algorithm}.

Reviewer: This sentence looks incomplete and has a typo.  Would this work better, assuming that we actually have a proper definition of _simulation_ somewhere else?
```suggestion
Here, \emph{simulation} includes solving the initialization problem where -- among other -- initial values for the states $x$ are found, see \cref{initialization-initial-equation-and-initial-algorithm}.
```

> Given those initial values the equations are simulated forward in time, this is also called solving an initial value problem (in contrast to boundary value problems).

Reviewer: How about adding _initial value problem_ to the index?  I think we should avoid even mentioning boundary value problems if we are not explaining what they are:
```suggestion
Given those initial values the equations are simulated forward in time, this is also called solving an \firstuse{initial value problem}.
```

If we don't want it in the index, we should use the special form `\firstuse[---]{…}`.

The equations define a DAE\index{DAE} (Differential Algebraic Equations) which may have discontinuities, a variable structure and/or which are controlled by a discrete-event system.
Such types of systems are called \firstuse[hybrid DAE]{hybrid DAEs}.

> Simulation is after the initialization performed in the following way:

Reviewer: Reorder a little for readability:
```suggestion
After solving the initialization problem, simulation proceeds in the following way:
```

\end{example}

The generated set of equations is used for simulation and other analysis activities.
Simulation proceeds as follows.

> First, initial values are found for the states $x$, \cref{initialization-initial-equation-and-initial-algorithm}.

Reviewer: Make it possible to reference this from the sentence currently on line 100:
```suggestion
First, initialization takes place, during which initial values for the states $x$ are found, \cref{initialization-initial-equation-and-initial-algorithm}.
```

> Given those initial values the equations are simulated forward in time; this is called the transient analysis.

Reviewer: Make it sound less like this is the definition (which would have required the use of `\firstuse`):
```suggestion
Given those initial values the equations are simulated forward in time; this is the transient analysis.
```

The equations define a DAE\index{DAE} (Differential Algebraic Equations) which may have discontinuities, a variable structure and/or which are controlled by a discrete-event system.
Such types of systems are called \firstuse[hybrid DAE]{hybrid DAEs}.

> After solving the initialization problem, simulation proceeds with transient analysis in the following way:

Reviewer: Use same term as suggested a few sentences above:
```suggestion
After initialization, simulation proceeds with transient analysis in the following way:
```
